Misc fixes (#365)
openSUSE/zypper: doc/zypper.8.txt

+
It might be less tedious to persistently set *$releasever* to the target distribution value, so --releasever is not needed at all. See section *Repository Management* for more info about variable substitution and the definition of custom variables.
+

> 'Note:' Performing a distribution upgrade will automatically create a solver test case at /var/log/updateTestcase-YYYY-MM-DD-hh-mm-ss (the date and time the command was eyecuted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'Note:' Performing a distribution upgrade will automatically create a solver test case at /var/log/updateTestcase-YYYY-MM-DD-hh-mm-ss (the date and time the command was executed).
```

+
This directory is used by all ZYpp-based applications.

*/var/log/zypper.log*::

> 	Zypper log file. It should be attached to any bugreport. (see also zypper-log(8)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Zypper log file. It should be attached to all bugreports. (see also zypper-log(8)).
```
"Any" is iirc more used in the context of "beliebig, irgendein" and not for "jeder/alle"
